example(iterate):Add iterate connector example (#258)
fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk: examples/source_examples/iterate/README.md

# Iterate NPS Survey Connector Example

## Connector overview
This connector extracts NPS survey data from [Iterate](https://iteratehq.com/) REST API and loads it into your Fivetran destination. The connector fetches NPS surveys and their individual responses, providing complete survey analytics data for downstream analysis.

## Requirements
- [Supported Python versions](https://github.com/fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk/blob/main/README.md#requirements)
- Operating system:
    - Windows: 10 or later (64-bit only)
    - macOS: 13 (Ventura) or later (Apple Silicon [arm64] or Intel [x86_64])
    - Linux: Distributions such as Ubuntu 20.04 or later, Debian 10 or later, or Amazon Linux 2 or later (arm64 or x86_64)

## Getting started
Refer to the [Connector SDK Setup Guide](https://fivetran.com/docs/connectors/connector-sdk/setup-guide) to get started.

## Features

> - Extracts survey metadata from `/surveys` endpoint
> - Extracts individual survey responses from `/surveys/{id}/responses` endpoint
> - **Incremental sync support**: Uses `start_date` parameter with strict UTC format validation
> - **Automatic pagination handling**: Processes all paginated data using links object within single sync
> - **Retry logic**: Implements exponential backoff for API reliability (3 retries with progressive delays)
> - **Data transformation**: Flattens nested JSON structures into table columns automatically
> - **State management**: Simple checkpointing only at successful sync completion
> - **UTC datetime enforcement**: Strict format validation eliminates timezone ambiguity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Extracts survey metadata from the `/surveys` endpoint
- Extracts individual survey responses from the `/surveys/{id}/responses` endpoint
- Uses the`start_date` parameter with strict UTC format validation for incremental syncs
- Processes all paginated data automatically using links object within a single sync
- Implements exponential backoff for API reliability (3 retries with progressive delays)
- Flattens nested JSON structures into table columns automatically
- Simple checkpointing only upon the successful completion of a sync
- UTC date/time enforcement eliminates timezone ambiguity
```

## Configuration file
The configuration requires your Iterate API access token and optionally a start date for initial sync.

```
{
  "api_token": "<YOUR_ITERATE_API_TOKEN>",
  "start_date": "<OPTIONAL_START_DATE>"
}
```

**Configuration Parameters:**
- `api_token` (required): Your Iterate API access token from your settings page
- `start_date` (optional): UTC datetime in ISO 8601 format with 'Z' suffix (e.g., "2023-01-01T00:00:00Z"). If not provided, sync starts from EPOCH time (1970-01-01T00:00:00Z) to capture all historical data

**Sync Behavior:**
- **First Sync**: Uses `start_date` if provided, otherwise starts from EPOCH time (captures all historical data)
- **Subsequent Syncs**: Always incremental from the last successful sync timestamp stored in state
- **State Management**: Contains only `last_survey_sync` timestamp for clean, reliable state tracking
- **Checkpointing**: Only occurs at successful completion to prevent data gaps from partial syncs

> - **UTC Consistency**: All timestamps use consistent UTC format with 'Z' suffix throughout

Author: Regarding the above , I will leave it to the @fivetran/tech-writers as I have seen in many existing examples, that we do use bold at many places

> - **UTC Consistency**: All timestamps use consistent UTC format with 'Z' suffix throughout

Author: yes, removed it

Note: Ensure that the `configuration.json` file is not checked into version control to protect sensitive information.

## Requirements file

> The requirements.txt file specifies additional Python libraries required by the connector. Following Fivetran best practices, this connector doesn't require additional dependencies.

Reviewer: @fivetran-sumithkumars Can we link to these best practices if we have them documented? The best practices will be unknown to the users.

> The requirements.txt file specifies additional Python libraries required by the connector. Following Fivetran best practices, this connector doesn't require additional dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `requirements.txt` file specifies additional Python libraries required by the connector. Following Fivetran best practices, this connector doesn't require additional dependencies.
```

Note: The `fivetran_connector_sdk:latest` and `requests:latest` packages are pre-installed in the Fivetran environment. To avoid dependency conflicts, do not declare them in your `requirements.txt`.

## Authentication
The connector uses API Key authentication via the `x-api-key` header. To obtain your API access token:

1. Log into your Iterate account.

> 2. Navigate to your account settings page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Go to **Account settings**.
```

3. Find and copy your API access token.
4. Add the token to your `configuration.json` file as shown above.

## Pagination
The connector handles pagination automatically using the Iterate API's `links` object structure. When the API returns a `links.next` URL, the connector continues fetching additional pages until all data is retrieved within a single sync operation.

**Pagination Strategy:**
- **Within-sync pagination**: Each sync processes all paginated data completely using `fetch_survey_responses()`
- **No cross-sync state**: Pagination state is not persisted between sync runs for cleaner state management

> - **Incremental filtering**: Uses `start_date` unix timestamp parameter to filter responses from API directly

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Incremental filtering**: Uses the `start_date` Unix timestamp parameter to filter responses from API directly
```

**Centralized API Logic (`make_iterate_api_call()`):**
- Consistent header management and authentication for all API calls
- Automatic API version parameter inclusion
- Unified error handling across all endpoints

**Data Processing Safeguards:**
- Graceful handling of missing or malformed API response structures
- Safe dictionary access patterns to prevent KeyError exceptions
- Proper exception propagation with descriptive RuntimeError messages

**Datetime Handling:**
- Strict UTC format parsing with clear validation messages
- Fallback to EPOCH time for invalid datetime configurations
- Consistent timezone handling throughout the connector

All exceptions are caught at the top level and re-raised as `RuntimeError` with descriptive messages, making troubleshooting easier for users and Fivetran support.

## Tables created
The connector creates two main tables with flattened column structures:

### surveys
Contains survey metadata and configuration with all nested JSON properties flattened into individual columns using underscore separation.
- **Primary key**: `id`
- **Structure**: All survey properties from Iterate API flattened (e.g., `author.id` becomes `author_id`)

> ### responses

Reviewer 3: please keep them singular
